# Adversity Reponse Kit -Introduction
I will not mince words. if you are reading this, and the adverse event you are anticipating has not happened yet, or has not yet caused internet infrastructure to fail, Welcome. If you are reading this during, or after the fact, likely having found it on a machine, it may already be too late. Regardless, this repository is intended to serve its purpose: create a Debian (or Suitable Derivative)-Based system that will allow knowledge and digital infrastraucutre to persist after an adverse event. If the event has not happened yet, then perhaps you can take the time to read the foreword. If it is happening or has happened already, don't waste your time, and stick to the manual, found in the MANUAL-ABRIDGED folder. Either way, good luck. Our future is counting on you. 


# Foreword
Sometime in late 2020, early 2021, I found myself getting into Debian and truly understanding what she had to offer the world. Her universal nature -that is, her vast architecture support- and her blends, meant that she could be used on most mainstream hardware, and be used for almost any endeavour. Education, Medicine, Geology, Engineering, and many more. Then I took a look at the world. It is still full of places with unreliable technical infrastructure, either due to lack of access, lack of software, lack of electricity, or many others. Namely, Developing nations, or war-torn areas where the infrastructure could be put to good use, such as building maintaining or restoring schools, libraries, hospitals, or establishing communications networks. And no other Linux distribution in the world has ever come close to doing what Debian can do, with the stability she offers. This started me on a quest: make a debian-based system that could be used to truly benefit those who needed it most. Two years later, and the ARK System is the ultimate culmination of that goal. And now, here, in this repository, I share with you the knowledge to build your own ARK, assuming your knowledge and skills are sufficient such that you can understand the information I am trying to convey to you. Either which way: Good luck, and may your ARK serve you well.   

